happiness comes from within man so
that's why you should buy these
120 lululemon pants subscribe like
follow us on twitter if you want
happiness from within
come to my retreat bro cult cult cult
cult cult cult
no no it's not a cult
no chat
[Music]
who do we raid
gargalon okay ray dragon
[Music]
let's trade dragon who's dragon but are
you guys trolling me
is is foosley a real person
[Music]
is it calling a penis
no okay
the alphabet a b c d e f g h i j
k i had a lot of bouba
and um booba means boobs what
what exactly is a kumar again that's
where a lot of the
the stan culture comes from which i feel
like the what culture
you don't know what stan culture is
[Music]
so i was thinking of maybe you could
make like a choose your own adventure
interactive youtube video for you know
aoe healing type of thing
oh my goodness you've uncovered our
super secret project
[Music]
this has to be low on the cultivator
come on what are you guys saying
we need to recalibrate
i i need like 30 seconds to orient
myself
to the meditative mindset okay then
we're gonna pick a sock with a [ __ ]
dowsing pendant
okay here we go
w e
g wells fargo emerging growth
done done let me show you proof hold on
okay
[Music]
i'm gonna teach you two practices let's
go so
so the first is that in sanskrit there
are two words for
knowledge one is vidya and then the
second
is nyan there by the way there's a
sanskrit word for that worm too
what is it so like what i want you to do
is like use a set of prayer beads
and if you want to i'll give you like a
mantra like a mantra or something like
that too
which is like something that you're
going to repeat to yourself as you use
the prayer beads
[Music]
and by doing things for other people i'm
training my mind to be
more restrained get yourself some
himalayan sage
light it purify that place with all that
spiritual [ __ ] and chakras like go for
it bro
work with someone if you're struggling
either get a therapist or
work with one of our coaches both of
them work and work through some of these
issues
you want a tissue or something yeah i'm
gonna get one
[Laughter]
sorry
[Music]
let's see if she figures this out
okay okay
i'm just gonna stand up for a second now
[Music]
so we're just gonna sit here and look at
each other
three two one go
and so what you do is you spin this
around okay you adopt a particular
meditative state
you use these special secret mantras and
then you feel
like what direction this thing is
pulling you
zach can we add gordon to our beta for
our super secret project
um zach i i know we're sort of
having you take notes but uh
you know this the other secret project
right
yep absolutely read my mind
oh my god maybe we are a cult
there's no iron cult there's just a
whole lot of you
you